**playbox**  is a small library to :

1. Quickly create simple and specific JBox2D simulations, the **playground** part.
1. Display the resulting simulation using Processing, the **procbox** (**proc**essing + J**Box**2D) part.

It was created to support code for experiments on sensorimotor learning. It might somehow be useful to you., especially if you want to rerun, check or tweak the aforementioned experiments.

**playground** and **procbox** are cleanly separated, so that simulations created using **playground** do not have any dependency to Processing, and can be run headless as fast as possible on clusters.

### OpenScience License

This software is placed under the [OpenScience license](http://fabien.benureau.com/openscience.html), which is the LGPL, with the additional condition that if you publish scientific results using this code, you have to publish the corresponding modifications of the code.

> If you publicly release any scientific claims or data that were supported or generated by the Program or a modification thereof, in whole or in part, you will release any modifications you made to the Program. This License will be in effect for the modified program. 


## Installation

If you which to use processing for visualization:

1. Install [Processing](http://www.processing.org) (>= 2.x)
1. `make procbox`
1. copy the `target/libraries/procbox` folder in your [Processing libraries folder](http://wiki.processing.org/w/How_to_Install_a_Contributed_Library).
1. run the examples from Processing

If you want to just create headless simulations:

1. `make playground`
1. add `target/playground.jar` to your classpath.

## Usage

See examples in the `examples` folder.

